docs: clarify how to use local test context (#1829)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/guide/test-context.md

}
```

> Since Vitest v0.21.1, if you want to provide property types only for specific `beforeEach`, `afterEach`, `it` and `test` hooks, you can provide an extra context type as type parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to provide property types only for specific `beforeEach`, `afterEach`, `it` and `test` hooks, you can pass the type as a generic.
```
